If you use Claude, this video is going
to save you at least 30 hours this
month. For me, I used to lose the first
hour of every day babysitting Claude to
do work it could have done on its own.
Now, Claude just does it for me and I
don't even touch it. But, between Claude
code routines, co-work, and managed
agents, a lot of people have been
asking, "What do I actually need to use
to automate my work?" So, in this video,
I'm going to show you exactly how to
automate pretty much anything in Claude.
But, first, here's the part that
nobody's explaining. There's no
one-size-fits-all approach to this.
Automation in Claude has levels, and
some levels are better suited for some
tasks than others. There's no single
just do this answer. But, with this
framework, you'll know exactly how to
automate your tasks and which level to
use. So, over the next couple of
minutes, I'm stepping you through each
of the five levels of Claude automation
with real builds at each levels to step
you through exactly how you'd actually
build this for yourself. And by the end,
Claude will be taking work off of your
plate for you. Plus, I'll also give you
the gotcha that means N8N isn't actually
dead after all, no matter what the gurus
are saying. All right, let's get into
level one. So, level one to automating
anything with Claude is skills. And the
idea here is super simple. You take a
prompt, you run it again and again, and
turn it into a skill with bundled
contexts and connectors. That way,
you're not prompted from scratch every
time. In case you didn't actually know
what a skill was, it's a pre-canned
prompt. You build it once, and the next
time you need it, it shows up in Claude
as a slash command. You can type
whatever the skill name
is, and it pops up. And they work across
chat, co-work, and code. So, you can
take it with you no matter where you go.
Let's jump into Claude chat now, and
I'll show you how to build out a quick
skill. I want Claude to build out a
skill that does company research for me
when I ask it to. So, I've got a prompt
in here. It's for a research lead skill.
It takes a name and company. It pulls
LinkedIn, recent news, past emails if
any, and returns a one-pager with three
talking points. You can ask Claude to
build to call skill creator by using
skill creator, and it'll come up
right there. But, Claude usually asks
you a couple of questions when it builds
skills out for you. So, it's asking me
what type of sources I want to use. For
me, I have Firecrawl connected, which is
a web scraping service, so I'm going to
use that. Then, I also want it to
connect into my email and Fireflies. And
for just for right now, I want it to
just be markdown in chat. And you can
see Claude gets to work building out the
skill. And a skill is just really made
up of a directory inside of your Claude
skills directory. It's a little bit
abstracted within chat, but once you get
into code or something like that, it
becomes a lot clearer. And that is a
skill.md file, or markdown file, which
is just plain text. It might include
some instructions to use some of the
connectors I have already installed, or
if I didn't go the connector route and I
wanted it to use a script, Claude would
build a Python script for me that would
go out and scrape these types of things
off the internet directly. But, you can
see I'm building out that skill for me,
so we'll come back once it's done. So,
cool. It's just given me the first draft
of the skill back here, and it's just
this markdown file here. If I want to
edit that, I can. I can just talk to
Claude and ask it to change a few
things. But, for me, this is pretty
perfect. So, I'm just going to go over
to the save skill button and hit that.
And now, the skill has been added to my
Claude account, so it's available
everywhere. Gives me a little prompt
here to go to the manage tab. And then,
once I'm in the manage tab, I can see
that I have my research lead skill, and
then it also gives me the availability
for when this should trigger. So, I can
trigger it by a slash command, or it
will automatically trigger when it
detects I want to research a lead. So,
now, I can run that skill whenever I
need. If I go to a new chat here and
type research lead, the skill becomes
available, and I can ask it to research
Tim Cook. From there, it goes out and
does everything that it needs to do. So,
you want to use a skill when you run the
same prompt all the time, and that
process stays roughly the same even when
the inputs change. You want to trigger
it manually or on demand when you
actually need it. And you might want to
skip a skill when you only ever run it
once and never again, or the process
changes a lot in between runs. Skills
are really good at those repeatable
parts of your workflow. Skills can save
a bunch of time, but they have a limit.
You have to fire every single one of
them yourself. So, you've made the work
a bit quicker, but you actually haven't
automated any of it. So, let's make that
skill run without you. Level two is
taking a skill and running it at a
certain time on your computer
automatically. But, there's one surface
change here first. Scheduling doesn't
live inside of Claude chat. You've got
two options here, and both of them live
inside the Claude desktop app, Claude
co-work or Claude code desktop. Both
have a scheduling page. Both run local
tasks in a really similar way. So, this
level, it doesn't really matter which
one you pick. If you're coming straight
from chat and you just want a cleaner
interface, go with co-work. If you're
already using Claude code, you can stay
there, whether that's in a desktop or in
a terminal. Same result either way. I'll
demo in co-work today, but everything I
show you works the same in co-work or
code. So, now, I'm inside of my Claude
desktop app again, but this time I'm in
the co-work tab on the left-hand side.
So, here's the use case we're going to
run. Every morning at 7:00 a.m., I want
Claude to open my browser, go to
LinkedIn, and check who viewed my
profile in the last 24 hours. And I want
Claude to send a connection request to
each of those people. And for anyone
that looks like a qualified prospect, I
want it to draft a personalized message
to them and send that with the request.
So, I'm going to build that out now as a
local routine inside of Claude co-work.
How I do that is I go over to the
schedule tab, and then from here, we
have all of these scheduled tasks that I
can start to create. So, here's the task
that I'm creating. So, down the bottom
here, I can check what frequency it runs
at. So, these are scheduled tasks, which
means I have to pick a value here,
whether that's hourly, daily, weekdays,
or weekly. For me, I want that to run
daily, and then I can also set the time.
So, I want it to run at 9:00 a.m. So,
I'll press save here, and now that's
scheduled. So, I have this task
scheduled inside of my Claude co-work,
and I can go in here, and I can actually
click and press run now. So, we'll see
how it goes. For the first time you set
up a new scheduled task, you want to go
and press that run now button, so you
can go through and accept all the
permissions that Claude needs and make
sure that it's going to work the way you
want it to. Then, if I go to my Chrome
here,
I can see that Claude's inside of my
LinkedIn account, and it's on my profile
views to see who's been looking at my
account. I can see all the tasks that
it's running. I can see it's taking
screenshots and scrolling down through
the page. So, just like that, Claude's
completed the run and has connected with
these two people that have viewed my
profile in the last 24 hours. Now, I
have this scheduled inside of Claude
co-work, which means this is going to
run every single day. You want to use a
desktop task when you're automating
something just for you on your laptop,
and the task needs something that only
your laptop has, like a logged-in
browser session, a Chrome extension, or
a local file you can't cloud, or your
machine is on and awake all times when
you want this thing to run. You might
want to skip a desktop task when you
need to automate something for a whole
team, and it's not just for you. Your
machine travels, sleeps, or gets closed
during the day, and you need to run the
the task at the same time every time, no
matter what. And that's the real
superpower of level two, because it runs
on your machine and uses your browser
and your connected apps. You don't have
to mess around with API keys or
authenticating with services. It can
literally just log into your Chrome, go
to your LinkedIn, and connect with
people. It's super simple, and it takes
real work off of your plate. If you need
it running for the whole team, or you
need it to fire even when your laptop is
closed or switched off, you need level
three. Level three is taking that
desktop scheduled task and putting it up
in the cloud, so it can run without your
laptop having to be involved. So, in
moving from desktop to cloud, two things
really change. The first is that Claude
can no longer touch my local browser,
and now it's running inside of
Anthropic's data center, not on my
machine. So, instead of logged-in
sessions, we need to use connectors and
scrapers. Connectors are MCPs that let
Claude talk to apps like Gmail, Slack,
and Notion through their official APIs.
And for stuff without a connector, we
can use something called Appify, which
is a scraper that gets us to the same
result through a different path. The
second is that Claude's skills and
context need to live somewhere now in
the cloud, so Claude can see it. And
that's called a GitHub repo. A GitHub
repo is just a folder that lives online
where you drop in your skill, your brand
voice, any reference docs in that
folder. And then, every time that
routine runs, Claude clones the folder
and reads it to do work. If you've never
set up a GitHub repo before or added
connectors, the full zero-to-running
walk-through is in the description
below, and it'll take you about 10
minutes. Another surface change though,
cloud routines live in the Claude code
tab of the desktop app. And both of
level three and four run from this page.
You're going to go to the code tab over
here and go to routines. Once you're in
the routines, there's a new routine
button, and then you want to hit the
remote button. Remote means cloud. So,
here's a great example of something that
you would build out inside of cloud
routines. I want to go to the Anthropic
blog every single day and scrape all of
the new blog posts that coming through,
and then add that into my second brain,
which I have as a private GitHub repo. I
want to find all of those new blog
posts, dump them into my raw folder, and
then from there, ingest them into my
wiki. But, at the same time, I want
Claude to go into Slack and send a
message into the news channel, so we can
keep up to date with all of the latest
Anthropic blog posts. So, inside of that
new cloud routines menu, I've created a
new routine called marketing
intelligence. I've given it instructions
to scrape the Anthropic news page using
Firecrawl, which is an MCP that I have
connected for web scraping. And then,
I've also given it some instructions
about what to do with that information
when when it finds it. I'm only
interested in new blog posts in the last
24 hours, cuz this is going to be a
scheduled task that runs once per day. I
also want it to send a Slack message to
me in that news channel. So, I've given
it the ID of that news channel, uh just
to help it out a little bit. I've
selected the repo that it should be
working in, and then I've also given it
an environment. So, cloud environments
are the types of permissions that Claude
has available to it when it runs its
routine. You can add a new environment
here. I'm going to call it market intel,
and I'm going to give it full network
access. So, you should play around with
some of the permissions there, so you
know which ones you need to use. Then,
you can also pass environment variables
here. So, I can tell it that the Slack
channel ID is that, and I can add it
here in the environment variables. The
important thing to note here is that you
shouldn't add any secrets or credentials
into this section. I've seen a couple of
people on YouTube actually doing that,
and it's really bad practice. You should
be using the connectors at the bottom of
the screen, which I'm about to show you.
You can also run scripts here to install
any types of packages. So, you can see
the example here is npm install, so you
might want to install
YouTube-DL or yt-dlp, which is a CLI
that lets you go and pull YouTube
videos, for instance. So, I'm just going
to quick create my environment here, and
then I'm going to select the market
intelligence environment for this
routine to operate within. Down below,
you've got the different types of
triggers that you can set up. For this
one, we're going to do a scheduled
trigger, and we'll cover the rest
really, really soon.
So, for me, I'm going to set up it 9:00
a.m. daily, but you can also have full
cron expression.
You can have You have full cron
customization here. So, I'm just going
to go daily 9:00 a.m. Now, down below,
we have all of the connectors. So, by
default, Claude will load all of the
connectors that you have on your Claude
account into this session, but that's
not really best practice. Like, we don't
need Appify for this or Xcalidraw or
Fireflies or Gmail or any of these. So,
I'm only going to give it Firecrawl and
Slack because that's the only tools that
I need this routine to have access to.
From here, I can press create and now I
have a new routine created in my Claude
code. You can see it's remote and then
when I enter into it, I have the option
to run it. So, let's run it now and see
what happens. So, that just finished
running and that ran in the cloud. It
had nothing to do with my laptop. I
could have had it closed and it still
would have completed. And this will
complete every single day at 9:00 a.m.
now. It found two new blog posts from
Anthropic, one about the new launch of
Claude design and the other from the
Anthropic Labs also about Opus 4.7. So,
it's added two new files into my second
brain and I can see them here and
they've all been classified into my
ideas here as well. So, there's two
reasons that you'd want a cloud routine
over a desktop routine. One is the task
needs to serve more people than just
you. For things like a team digest, a
weekly report, a morning brief, you
don't want to have to install this
across multiple laptops or take the risk
of one laptop failing and it not
running. Two is that it has to fire at
the exact same time every run, no matter
what. Desktop tasks skip if your laptop
is asleep. Cloud routines don't. They
run on Anthropic servers. They run every
time regardless of whether your machine
of what your machine is doing. You want
to use a scheduled cloud routine when
you're automating something for more
than just you. Like a team digest, a
client report, or a shared morning
brief. It has to fire every time on
time, even if your laptop is closed. And
the task only needs apps or connectors
that are available via public APIs.
Things like HubSpot, Stripe, Fireflies.
You'll probably want to skip scheduled
cloud routines when the task needs your
logged in browser or local files on your
machine. That's in level two. Or if
Claude should react instantly when
something happens, not on a clock.
That's level four. This is the level
where you seriously start replacing any
and all workflows because this is
exactly what any and all any and all
does. Schedule trigger, research step,
post to Slack. Except here, you wrote
one prompt in plain English and when
something doesn't work quite as
expected, Claude can adapt. Any and all
doesn't do that. It reacts the same
every single time regardless. But there
is a limit. Scheduled cloud routines run
on a clock. If you need Claude to react
to something as soon as it happens,
that's when you want to go to level
four. Level four is making that
scheduled cloud routine responsive by
giving it the ability to fire the
instant something happens in one of your
apps. So, if you want to get your
routines being triggered by webhooks and
other systems rather than just be
running on schedules, there's a few
things that goes into it. So, I'm back
here inside of Claude desktop in the
code tab in the routines folder. I've
already set one up for post meeting
actions here and I have the API enabled.
This routine goes through and receives a
webhook from Fireflies whenever my
meeting finishes and then it will get
the transcript using the Fireflies MCP,
find any action items and file those
into my second brain, which I have in
GitHub the same as before. This time it
sends a Slack message into sales channel
just to make sure that any follow-ups
don't get missed. But there's a gotcha
that not a lot of people are talking
about at the moment. So, while routines
can accept webhooks, they expect a very
specific shape. So, what I mean by that
is down here in the triggering section,
we need to both provide an API token as
part of that post request or or webhook.
And then we also need to supply a bunch
of different headers, which Anthropic
requires in order to trigger this
routine. So, something like Fireflies
can't actually natively support that.
So, when I go to add a new webhook
inside of Fireflies, I'm only presented
with the webhook URL option and this is
a really common thing that happens in
software. So, you need to have an
intermediary. So, this is where
something like any and all or Make comes
in and another reason why they're not
really dead. In order to get my cloud
schedule working, I actually had to have
that webhook from Fireflies first be
sent to Make and then I had to
manipulate it into the specific shape
that Claude is expecting so I could
trigger the routine. But once it's
configured, the setup is pretty much
seamless. Once Fireflies finishes
transcribing a new meeting, which then
sends a webhook to this Claude routine,
which goes through and gets the full
transcript, does all those action items
we talked about and even sends me the
final message here in Slack. There's a
few steps that go into actually
configuring that. So, I wanted to show
you that now. So, when you do go to set
up an API triggered Claude routine, you
can do it the exact same way that we did
for scheduled routines. The only thing
that's different is when you select a
trigger, you want to hit API and then
press add trigger. From there, you can
select all of the connectors that it has
access to. I'm just going to give it
access to Fireflies and Slack and then
press create. Once I press create, I'm
given an API token and this is the only
time you'll ever see this API token. So,
it's important you copy it now. And this
is the only way that you can actually
trigger this routine. Once you've
collected that, you can go back into the
new routine that you've created and
press copy here to get the API endpoint.
And then if you actually want to get the
full shape of the API request, you need
to go to the edit screen, press call via
API and then see example curl here. So,
this gives you all of the headers and
data that you need to pass to it. The
webhook that you send to this Claude
routine can't actually just ingest
normal JSON either. It takes only this
text field. So, whatever data that you
need Claude to know from the from your
upstream system, you need to put into
this text field here and then send it
that way. The way I handled that was
through a middleware platform called
make.com or you could use any and all.
So, I receive the Fireflies webhook from
Fireflies directly and then I trigger I
make another request to my Anthropic
URL. I pass all of the specific headers
that Anthropic needs and I add my
credentials here for Claude routine. In
the body of the request, I've had to
create a text field which has all of the
details from that original webhook
payload. So, the Claude API only accepts
text. So, you can't actually send JSON
here. Everything has to be in this text
field. So, that's how you set up cloud
routines and it's a really interesting
point because a lot of people out there
are saying that any and all and make.com
are dead because of these new features
that Anthropic have released. In my
experience, a lot of the software
platforms out there can't actually send
webhook URLs in the specific shape that
Anthropic expects to trigger a request.
So, you still need that middleware
platform, whether that's make.com or any
and all, to actually facilitate the
connection between your system and your
routine. You want to use an API routine
when the work is event-driven. So,
something a call ends, the form gets
filled, a deal moves to proposal stage,
or waiting till the next schedule run
would be too slow for things like
follow-ups. The source system can fire a
webhook, which is a super important one
because if you don't have a webhook,
then the cloud routine can't run. You
probably want to skip a cloud API when
the triggering app you're working with
can't send webhooks or you want the
simplest setup possible because the
desktop scheduling will be much simpler.
This is where you seriously start asking
yourself if you need any and all at all
because what any and all was good at was
taking an instant trigger, reasoning in
the middle, and then actioning out. This
now all happens in one routine with one
prompt and the judgment is baked in. So,
that's four ways to automate your own
work. Level five is a bit different.
It's when you want to automate work for
someone else. Your team, your customers,
anyone logged into something you've
built. That's level five and that's
managed agents. This is where we leave
the Claude desktop app entirely. It
lives in Anthropic's developer platform
at platform.claude.com. There was a ton
of confusion when this launched. You
might have seen the announcement and a
bunch of hype around it. But for most of
the people who just want to automate
their own work, it's the wrong tool.
Here's the difference. Levels one
through four were about using Claude to
automate your work. Level five is about
building an app with Claude running
inside of it. While there is some
overlap, for most people out there, a
cloud routine with an API trigger will
do everything they need. But say you're
vibe coding an internal marketing tool
and your team logs in, drops a content
brief, and Claude drafts the social
media post. You probably don't want to
run your own back end for that dealing
with scaling and session state. No,
thanks. Managed agents gives you that
infrastructure hosted by Anthropic. You
build the app and Claude runs inside of
it. I've completely left the Claude
desktop app now and now I'm in the
Claude console. This is where you see
the managed agent config screen. And if
I actually navigate down here to my
agents, I can see that the agents that
are configured here are different to the
agents that we just configured inside of
our routines. That's because these are
different platforms for different use
cases. So, the managed agents platform
is more for people that are building
tools that are going to leverage AI
agents and they don't want to handle all
the back end stuff that goes with it.
And not very applicable for people that
are just want to automate their own work
or their team's work with Claude. If you
are in a large organization, then
managed agents might actually be pretty
interesting to you because you don't
have to have this attached to your own
personal account. You can have this
attached to your organizational account.
So, if you wanted to configure something
like this incident commander, for
instance, you could do that from the
platform and then you could have that
integrated with whatever your current
incident management system is. You might
want to use managed app when you're
building an actual app where other
people will log into. You need Claude
running inside of that app with a hosted
back end infrastructure. But you'll
probably skip managed agents if you're
automating your own work. You don't have
an app for Claude to live inside of and
you just want something that runs on a
schedule or webhook. So, when people
said managed agents was the any and all
killer, they were pretty wrong. Routines
are. It's a different job and a
different tool. Here's the part a lot of
those cancel your any and all plan
videos are skipping. Not every workflow
should move into Claude. The ones that
shouldn't are those boring, predictable
ones that need to run the exact same way
every single time. For instance, any
type of app syncing,
Stripe invoice data going from into your
accounting platform, those high impact
types of automations that we do really
don't want to include AI on. These are
the types of workflows that don't need
judgment. They fire the exact same way a
thousand times a day and they're instant
and cheap. By running these through
Claude, that would cost about 10 to 100
times more and you would add a delay to
something that should be instant. Claude
is the wrong tool for things like that.
There's really a simple rule. If your
workflow needs judgment, writing, or
research, any type of handling messy
data, you want to move it into Claude.
If it's a straight pipe from one app
into another with no thinking required,
then you can keep it in any and all or
Make. Most real businesses and people
end up with a hybrid setup. Sales prep,
follow-ups, triage all end up in Claude,
but your app syncs and internal
plumbing, they stay in your n8n or
make.com. Anyone telling you to cancel
everything is really oversimplifying it
and buying into the hype. If you're new
here, my name is Brad. I build these
types of systems in production and teach
you to do the exact same. And if you
want to know exactly which of these five
levels to use for your specific
workflows, I do AI strategy sessions.
It's one call and you'll walk you'll
walk away knowing exactly what you need
to build. There's a link in the
description below to book. I'm also
building a verified marketplace of
Claude skills. They're production-ready
and vetted by by real experts. If you
want access, there's a waitlist link in
the description below as well. If this
video was useful, hit subscribe. Thanks
for watching.